and Brett Farve will open up his jet
career some final instructions as he
heads out onto the field
it's almost strange correct to see him
in that uniform
it really he just doesn't looks like the
threat farm y'all know but I'm telling
the jet fans and they want him to be
what they what he always was it has been
far as fever over the last seven days
leading up to this far to throw makes
the connection to touch me
and let's take a look at good mix of
course the tragic death last year of
Sean Taylor this Redskin team went to
the playoffs and a loss to the Seattle
Seahawks on second and 15 after the loss
from Washington Farm long counts take
the handoff far swings and complete
Chris Baker the tight end not across the
35 yard line for the Jets and one good
thing for jets it fatigued arm on
Wednesday so you wonder if there's a
pitch count here tonight from Eric
Mangini on third down Clark
kills Washington underneath leaning
forward and looks like he came up just
short Marcus Washington among those who
have to do for Brett Favre but certainly
there's pressure there to create more
holes for Thomas Jones than a year ago
had over 1,100 yards rushing but the
average was 3.6 per carry
second and six shotgun for far protects
change players apart and
he's devoured back at the 35-yard longed
to see outside linebacker come around
what happens is Leon Washington gets
caught inside Brett Favre looks oh I'm
going down that's the name of that game
and a loss of 10 on the play
next in the NFL in 2007 far deep drop
far incomplete he was looking for Thomas
Jones underneath did not blank anything
downfield and the Jets forced to punt
that tear star begin the plate count
going down throwing deep
on a first down for New York far put it
in the bucket and he didn't need eat it
jam it in the bucket what he did is he
he daintily threw it in the bucket he
knows exactly when to give the balsam
air he's gotten the whole way contrary
and right into his hands in a place
where only Koch shriek he gets from the
five
yard strike this first does object--
and that looks like the foreshadowing of
what the Jets want to do with this
duster Keller get a mismatch with him
and just let Brett Farve play tossing
cashes
village far
now that's the way he visualized it that
far put it in the memory bank is first
as a Jets seven nothing